= MiniTest::Spec Magic

Adds shoulda-like goodies to Minitest::Spec. Makes testing more elegant and
comfortable. Originally built for Rails, but can probably be used elsewhere.

== Installation

Just include it in your Gemfile:

  group :test do
    gem 'minitest-spec-magic'
  end

== Examples

Here's a real-world example. Looks familiar?

  # Gemfile
  group :test do
    gem 'minitest-spec-magic'
    gem 'minitest-reporters' # Adds colourful output
    gem 'factory_girl_rails' # Adds factories (fixtures)
    gem 'shoulda-matchers'   # Adds matchers
  end

  # test/test_helper.rb
  require 'minitest/reporters'
  MiniTest::Unit.runner = MiniTest::SuiteRunner.new
  MiniTest::Unit.runner.reporters << MiniTest::Reporters::ProgressReporter.new

  class ActiveSupport::TestCase
    include FactoryGirl::Syntax::Methods
  end

  # test/unit/article.rb
  class ArticleTest < ActiveSupport::TestCase

    should belong_to(:author)
    should have_many(:comments)
    should validate_presence_of(:title)
    should ensure_length_of(:title).is_at_most(140)

    # More ...

  end

  # test/functional/articles_controller.rb
  class ArticleControllerTest < ActionController::TestCase

    describe "routes" do
      should route(:get, "/articles").to(:action => "index")
      should route(:post, "/articles").to(:action => "create")
      should route(:get, "/articles/new").to(:action => "new")
      should route(:get, "/articles/1").to(:action => "show", :id => "1")
      should route(:get, "/articles/1/edit").to(:action => "edit", :id => "1")
      should route(:put, "/articles/1").to(:action => "update", :id => "1")
      should route(:delete, "/articles/1").to(:action => "destroy", :id => "1")
    end

    describe "GET index" do
      before do
        @article = FactoryGirl.create(:article)
        get :index
      end

      should assign_to(:articles).with { [@article] }
      should respond_with(:success)
      should render_template(:index)
      should_not set_the_flash
    end

    # More ...

  end

== LICENSE

Copyright (c) 2011 Dimitrij Denissenko, et al.

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
"Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND
NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE
LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION
OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION
WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
